FAQ page (#175)
jpa-buddy/documentation: faq/faq.md

![seamless-integration.png](img/seamless-integration.png)

If you still can’t see any tables, please contact us on <a href="https://discord.com/invite/zUsVXYGsQr" target="blank">Discord</a>. When making your request, please provide the version and type of your IntelliJ IDEA (CE or Ultimate), database provider (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, etc.) and the version of JPA Buddy.

## Does JPA Buddy supports the IntelliJ IDEA EAP?

Yes, but unfortunately, we cannot support EAP at early stages. Normally, we provide support for EAP since its 3-4th release. Otherwise, it becomes too laborious, because JetBrains heavily changes API for earlier EAP releases.

## Why am I unable to find certain features?

Certain features in JPA Buddy are only available when specific libraries are present. For instance, you can create Liquibase changelogs or MapStruct mappers only if you have the [corresponding library in the libraries list](/installation-guide/installation-guide.md#dependencies). So, please make sure you have [the required library](/installation-guide/installation-guide.md#dependencies) in your project.

## Is JPA Buddy available for free?

> Since we started the plugin, we established a clear list of values that we should deliver to JPA Buddy users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JPA Buddy is designed to help users:
* get started with the Jakarta Persistence API and related libraries
* follow best practices
* speed up development
We believe in providing features that support these goals for free.
```
This section could be shorter and a bit more structured.
I suggest the following:
After that, we can add "Our **free features** include: ... <list of features>"
then "Our **subscription package** offers a variety of features designed to accelerate development and deliver direct business value: ... <list of features> you can check the full list here"

Then say "All features of JPA Buddy remain **free for academic use** (teachers, students, classroom assistance) as well as training courses, coding schools and bootcamps. Here is how to obtain it."

The rest seems okay! Check the revised version on github and pick what you like from there or make it shorter like in the suggestions below

* Make it easier to start with Jakarta Persistence API and surrounding frameworks and libraries. 
* Ensure the right use of the mentioned frameworks and libraries. To achieve this JPA Buddy strongly follows best practices and documentation while code generation and provides smart inspections to examine the existing code. 
* Accelerate the development process itself.

We decided that the features supporting the first two goals **should stay free**. Here we speak about the visual designers for entities, Spring Data JPA repositories, Liquibase changelogs, SQL statements, etc. We also keep coding assistance on the free side. All features of JPA Buddy remain free for academic use (teachers, students, classroom assistance) as well as training courses, coding schools and bootcamps.

The third target is about making developers more efficient. This brings direct business value, and we can measure this value in money.

Features that available **only for subscribers** are:
* Liquibase diff changelog, Flyway versioned migrations and DDL generation. 
* JPA entities generation from the existing database. 
* DTO generation and MapStruct/ModelMapper support.

> In addition, we provide a few ways to get JPA Buddy license **for free**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, we provide a few ways to get JPA Buddy license **for free**:
1. Follow us on Twitter, send us a private message, and get one month for free!
2. If you have 500+ Twitter subscribers, share our tweets 3-4 times this month and get the next month of free use!
3. Report a severe bug or share a great idea that makes it to our roadmap, and we'll reward you!
4. Write about JPA Buddy or create a YouTube video, and receive our heartfelt thanks!
```
"we'll reward you" and "heartfelt thanks" sound too vague..

1. Still don't follow us on <a href="https://twitter.com/JPABuddy" target="blank">Twitter</a>? Subscribe, send a private message to us and we will grant you one month free!
2. Has more than 500 subscribers on <a href="https://twitter.com/JPABuddy" target="blank">Twitter</a> and share our tweets 3-4 times per month? Let us know via the contact form on our website, because you definitely deserve the next month of free use!
3. Reported a severe bug? Shared great ideas that become a part of our roadmap? We will not leave you without a present!
4. Published an article about JPA Buddy or recorded a <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/JPABuddy" target="blank">YouTube</a> video? Be sure, our big thanks are going to find you!

## Does JPA Buddy collect any personal information from users?

> No, JPA Buddy does not collect any personal information, either about the features you use or your database model, or any other information. The only way the JPA Buddy team can obtain personal information about you is with your permission when you send an error report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, JPA Buddy does not collect any personal information, such as details about the features you use or your database model. The only way the JPA Buddy team can obtain personal information about you is if you grant permission by sending an error report.
```
